c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\FullBar.dll.config
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\FullBar.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\FullBar.pdb
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\obj\Debug\FullBar.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\obj\Debug\FullBar.dll
c:\users\destinyofgames\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FullBar\FullBar\obj\Debug\FullBar.pdb
